You can see right here, all I said was,
"Hey Claude, I want you to take this
YouTube video and repurpose it into a
LinkedIn X and Instagram post." Then I
dropped in the link to the YouTube video
and shot it off. Not only did it create
all these assets, but it also found bugs
in its own code and fixed those. And
then we have this folder over here
called drafts. And if I open it up, you
can see that we have building beautiful
websites with claude code, which is the
video I gave it. And then in here we
have Instagram with our actual post text
and five visuals. We've got LinkedIn
with our post text and a visual. And
then same exact thing for X. So, that
exact workflow right there took me from
having one long form YouTube video to
having a finished LinkedIn post, a
finished Instagram post, and a finished
expost. And if I wanted to ask it to
generate posts for six other social
platforms, it could because it can use
all of them and understands how they all
work. So, today I'm going to be showing
you guys how you can basically 9x your
content game using a combination of
Cloud Code and Blot. So, right now, when
you're creating content, you know, it
takes a lot of time. And when you put
all that time into creating, let's just
say a YouTube video, it'd be really nice
to be able to repurpose that content
into different platforms as well. So
what can help you do is it can create
the source. So it can look through
transcripts, websites, PDFs, it can find
inspiration. It can then create visuals
for you. So infographics, carousels or
videos and then it can actually go ahead
and schedule that stuff. So it can post
it to nine platforms. It can create the
stories. It can create the, you know,
content calendar. And we can do all of
that using potato and automate it with
cloud code. So you guys saw a demo
earlier, but I'm literally going to set
up a brand new account today. I'm going
to walk you through the exact steps that
you need to do. And basically all we
have to do is get our API key, add our
MCP config for, and then just connect
our accounts and we're already ready to
start creating content in less than 5
minutes. All right, so the way that I
like to use cloud code is within an IDE
called Visual Studio Code. Now, you
could use this in anti-gravity, you
could use it in the terminal, you could
use it in cursor, but I like to use
Visual Studio Code. So, if you don't
have this, then just go to your browser,
type in Visual Studio Code. You can
download this for both Windows or Mac or
whatever operating system that you're
on. Now, once you're in here, this is
what it should look like, and I'm going
to walk you through everything you need
to click on and everywhere you need to
type. So, don't get overwhelmed. If
you'd rather watch like kind of an intro
video and then come back, then I'll tag
this one right up here and then hop on
back over here. And by the way, if
you've been watching my channel for a
while, then you've known about Blot. I
showed it in Naden in this video and
also in all of my kind of like faceless
shorts videos, we use Blotato to do the
auto posting and scheduling. But now I'm
just showing you how it's actually a lot
easier to use with Cloud Code. So that's
exactly why once we're in here, we're
going to go over to this lefth hand side
and click on the extensions button. And
all you have to do is type in Cloud
Code. It'll be this one right here
that's verified from Anthropic. And then
you'll just go ahead and install this.
When you install it, it will prompt you
to sign in with your paid Cloud
subscription. Now, this does have to be
the Pro or Max plan because if you're on
just the free, you don't have access to
Claude Code. Now, once you've installed
this, what it will do is give you this
little orange button in the top right,
which lets you open up Claude Code. And
this is kind of like your typical Claude
or Chatbt interface where you get to
talk to an agent right here. And now
what we need to do is open up a project
or a folder. So, I'm going to go over to
this top left button that says explorer.
And it will say you have not yet opened
a folder. Go ahead and open one up. And
that's where we'll be working inside for
this specific, you know, AI social media
poster project. So, I just went ahead
and I created a brand new one. I just
called it potato. There's absolutely
nothing in here. And this is what your
screen should look like. And now what we
want to do is just basically close out
of the welcome thing. We can go ahead
and double click and then hit the cloud
code button. And now we just have our
files which will be on the left. We
don't have any yet. And then we have our
cloud code agent right here that we are
going to be able to talk to. So, what
I'm going to do in the chat is paste in
this prompt that says, "Create me a new
skill called repurpose YouTube video."
It's going to create an AI social media
manager that makes social media posts
for LinkedIn, Instagram, and X. The user
will input a YouTube video URL and wants
it, I misspelled this here, to be turned
into a LinkedIn post, Instagram post,
Xost, and each one should have a visual
that's optimized for that platform. So,
potato is basically going to take this
video and do everything for us. I end
this prompt by saying, "Ask me
clarifying questions one at a time until
you are 95% confident that you can
complete the task successfully." And I
kind of use this templated prompt from
Sabrina. So, shout out, Sabrina. You
guys can all copy and paste this exact
prompt for my free school community, or
you can just copy it by looking at it
right here. So, now that this is
running, it's going to start going
through that process. The first thing
that it's doing is it's researching
about Blotato to figure out what it's
actually able to do. And it's basically
going to help us build out this flow
where we drop in a video. Lotato
extracts the transcript, adapts the
content for these different media
platforms and then it creates everything
and then we're able to review it and
then just basically approve it manually.
Now, before I start going through this
flow of answering questions, I wanted to
explain what is a skill because you'll
notice I asked it to create a new skill.
Just think of a skill like a recipe. If
you tell your agent to write a LinkedIn
post, it would look at the LinkedIn post
skill and that would have the name of
the dish, the ingredients, the steps,
and then the finished output. That way,
the agent could read the recipe and make
sure that every single time you ask it
to make that dish, it comes out perfect.
So, because we're turning this process
into a skill, every single time we use
it, it's only going to get better and
more consistent. But anyways, now we're
going to come back into Cloud Code and
answer the clarifying questions. So,
it's asking me what program language to
build this in. I don't really know what
I want to do here, and you may not
either. So, what I'm just going to say
is whatever you think is best. It
decides to go with Python because it's
the cleanest for this kind of APIdriven
tool. So then it asks, should the tool
autopublish or do preview and approval?
I want you to always make sure I review
it before you ever publish anything on
my social media accounts. And if you
guys are curious about how I'm talking
and words are appearing, then check out
the description for the tool. Anyways,
for the AI generated post copy, do you
want to use Claude to write the tailored
posts or should the tool just reformat
the extracted YouTube content without an
LLM? I definitely want to use Claude to
rewrite the text content for the
different platforms. Cool. So, we'll
eventually have to give it an enthropic
API key as well as the Blot API key.
Now, it asks about the tone of voice
that we want. So, in this case, if you
had like a custom GPT or cloud project
already that helps you write LinkedIn
posts or Instagram posts, you could just
go ahead and grab the instructions from
that and put that here. But for now, I'm
just going to keep this really simple
for the sake of the demo and just say
platform adapted, professional on
LinkedIn. Um, and on X, you can be
casual and maybe even a little bit
humorous. Now, it's asking for
Instagram. What type of post should it
create? I would like you to create a
educational carousel that looks like I
am writing tweets. And now it asks about
the visuals for LinkedIn X. For
LinkedIn, let's do a key takeaway
graphic. It should be clean and it
should have some text that explains the
value in the video. And for X, yeah,
let's just do something eye-catching,
maybe a cool quote. Next question is,
how do you want to review the stuff?
Let's just go ahead and save everything
to the drafts folder so I can take a
look at it myself. When publishing,
should you be able to selectively
approve which platforms to post to?
Yeah, I will tell you one by one which
ones have been approved. I think I
nearly have everything. One last
question. Should the tool let you edit
the draft text files before publishing
and have the publish command pick up
your changes? Absolutely.
Okay, so it looks like we're done with
the question stage now. Now, you might
notice that there's still some stuff
that we might want to give to this
platform, like maybe some more
information about our business. It
doesn't really know anything about what
we do and maybe things like the colors
we like to use or our logo or something
like that so that it can be on the
visuals. So, now what it's going to do
is it's going to build up those
different tools. As you can see, it
makes a to-do list and it's going to go
through one by one and finish all that.
And also, what you're going to notice is
on the lefth hand side, we're going to
start to get files and folders in our
project set up. And that's really
important because if your cloud code
workspace isn't organized and it doesn't
understand where files are and if you
don't understand where files are then
it's just going to get messy and it
might be hard to manage the context.
Okay, so that has finished up. You can
see that we have a new project
structure. So over here we have a pi
cache. We've got claude with our
command. So this is essentially the
exact same thing as skills. So this is
the repurpose YouTube video skill that
it created. You can see that it created
some actual Python scripts to draft to
post to publish. And so maybe we would
want to clean this up and put this in a
different folder called scripts or
something like that. But the action item
on us now is to actually set up our API
keys. So if I go into thev, you can see
that we have a potato API key and an
anthropic API key that we need to set
up. So the first step would be to use
the link in the description and go to
and that will help you get 30% off for 6
months. Now once you get that set up,
all you'll have to do is go over to the
bottom left and go to your settings and
then click on right here API. And this
is where it will ask you to just
basically make sure that this is a paid
feature. So if you enable it, you will
be on a paid plan. And then you'll go
ahead and copy this API key right there.
And then in thev, you'll paste this in.
And then you will save it. And then it's
also asking for an anthropic API key.
I'm actually going to go ahead and use
open router instead because you can
access all the models there. So I went
into open router. I created a new key
and I'm going to copy this and paste it
into Visual Studio Code. And I'm just
going to tell Cloud Code that I am using
Open Router with Claude models instead
of Enthropic, but you can use whatever
you want here. So, I just cleared the
context and we're about to do a test
run. But before that, I just wanted to
show you guys something that we can do
that's pretty cool real quick. So, I'm
going to go over here and I'm going to
drop in a new folder. And I'm going to
call this brand
assets. Now, what I'm going to do is
drag in a profile picture of myself in
the brand assets. It's this provo
picture right here because I wanted to
be able to use this in the tweet style
infographics or carousels that we told
it we want to make. So, what I can do
now is go to YouTube. I've got this
video I made a few days ago about
building websites in Cloud Code. Copy
the link. Come back into Visual Studio
Code and say, "Hey, Claude, I want you
to take this YouTube video and repurpose
it into a LinkedIn X and Instagram post.
I've given you in the brand assets
folder a profile picture of myself to
use in these, you know, different visual
posts. Let me know when you've got some
stuff ready to review and make sure
you're updating your skill document with
your findings from this first test run.
So now it's going to read through the
skill. It's going to execute these
different Python scripts right here. And
if it runs into any issues or anything
that we told it, like using our profile
picture, it will update that skill
document with. And here's an example of
it already needing to make an adjustment
is because it said YouTube is blocked by
the web fetch tool. Let me try
alternative approaches. So that just
finished up. You can see that it started
off by reading the skill. It goes
through and it tries different things.
It made its to-do list and it was able
to create the actual textbased posts,
but what happened was it actually failed
on the visuals. So, what it did is it
added a known issues and finding section
to the actual skill itself. But, we're
going to go ahead and try it again and
we're going to see if it can fix it. So,
I just said try to create the visuals
again. Make sure they are images, not
videos. And we aren't worried about
posting yet. We just want you to create
the assets. So, it's once again going to
dive into everything. It is going to
investigate the templates and then it's
going to come back hopefully with
something that we can review. So visuals
have been created this time and
apparently they're looking great and you
can see once again it's updating the
skill document so that that never
happens again. Okay, so these have been
created successfully. We've got our
LinkedIn with a whiteboard infographic.
Let me go ahead and open that up real
quick. It's putting all of this stuff in
the drafts folder and you can see we've
got Instagram, LinkedIn and X and this
is all for the YouTube video which is
called building beautiful website. So
it's keeping our stuff organized. So for
LinkedIn, here's our visual. We've got a
whiteboard that says building beautiful
websites with cloud code, three key
steps. We've got cloud.md, front-end
design skill, and then adding your brand
assets to a folder. And you can see at
the bottom, it also says full
walkthrough on YouTube at Nate Herk. And
then we also have the actual post right
here, which is the textbased copy of the
LinkedIn post. So let's say we like that
one. Let's go ahead and look at
Instagram. We've got the same thing.
We've got the post right here with the
different, you know, slides, and then we
have the actual visuals. So, here is
number one. Your cloudMD file is
everything. It is a system prompt that
runs before every session. We've got the
next one, which is the front-end design
skill. And then pretty much all of these
I'm assuming are the same. We've got
brand assets. We've got you don't need
to be a developer. And then we've got
the difference between vibecoded and
professional. So, the one thing I will
say about these are that I think this
would look a lot better if we had our
profile picture as well as like a blue
check mark verified badge. So, that's
something that we'll probably want to
change. And then real quick, just to
look at the X post, we've got the actual
text itself, which is um very casual and
it's kind of more like a meme. And then
for the visual, we just have a very
simple quote. But as you guys know, I
want to make those carousels have the
profile picture in there. So I just
asked Claude Code to put our profile
picture in the carousel slides as well
as adding a blue check mark. So we'll
see if we can get the job done. All
right. So look how cool this is. It
fixed that workflow. So it now should
have new carousel slides for us. But
what it did is it actually had to resize
our image because it realized that the
potato API wouldn't take it if it was
too big. So this was the original and
then it resized it to make it smaller,
but it still obviously looks the same.
And now every single time that we run
this for Instagram carousels, it should
be able to make it the way we want it.
So let's take a look. All right, here is
the new Instagram carousel. We've got
our name, we've got the verified badge,
as well as our profile picture. And so
now it would just be a matter of
optimizing the actual content that's put
in here if we don't think that this was
prompted well enough and maybe adding
one more at the end which would be a CTA
that says like follow for more or
something like that. But keep in mind
all I said was take this YouTube video
and repurpose it. We didn't give it any
context about our business about
previous Instagram or LinkedIn posts. We
didn't give it anything but literally
just said make us content. And the only
reason I'm telling you this is because
think about how much better this will be
as you start to add more business
context, add more brand guidelines, and
then iterate and refine. We've ran this
workflow twice, I think, at this point,
and it's gotten better each time. What
would happen if we ran this 10 times,
and every time we gave it more feedback
and more feedback so that by the time
we're ready to host it, so that if we
want it to run automatically, every time
I post a new YouTube video, it
automatically gives us this stuff. By
the time we do that automatically, it's
already like a really rock solid or
battle tested skill. And by the way, in
Blotato, if you go to my videos, you can
see all of the ones that you've
generated. And you can also go to the
API dashboard to see all of the requests
that you had been making to Blot. But at
this point, the only thing left to do is
schedule these out or just instantly
post them now that we've reviewed them.
So, what you do is you go to your
settings and you have to log in with
your different accounts. And it's
literally like, let's say we wanted to
log in with Instagram. We'd click on
this and it would just bring us to a
sign-in page in Instagram and it would
connect everything very easy for us. And
then after we've done that, you can see
here I've only connected to my X
account. It lets you copy your account
ID. So basically it associates an
account ID in here with potato to
actually post on your behalf. But Claude
code using the right API endpoints
should be able to grab all those IDs for
us. So there's really nothing manual
here. So just as an example, let's make
sure that it can actually post to X for
us. Cool. That output looks great. Can
you go ahead and post our content on X
for us? All right, so that post is live.
If I open this up, we should see on X
that I did just make this tweet, which
I'm going to delete right now. But just
wanted to prove to you guys that that
endpoint does in fact work. So at this
point, now that we know this works, we
could just build different skills within
this kind of potato environment. So we
could build one for getting inspiration.
We could build one for creating, you
know, Tik Tok videos, whatever we want
to do. But before you start scaling this
up, it's really important to have some
structure to this project because we've
got, you know, our claude with our
skills, we've got our brand assets,
we've got our drafts, but we also have
some scripts right here that are just
kind of in the middle of nowhere. And we
also don't have a claw.md file yet. So,
I'm just going to go ahead and do
slashinit, which basically just reads
through the current project structure
and creates a claw.md file around what
we have right here. And I assume at this
point everyone's aware of what the
cloudmd file is, but if you're not, it's
basically the overall system prompt for
this specific project. Meaning every
time before you shoot off a message to
cloud code or before cloud code reads
it, it's going to read the claw.md file
first to understand the direction, what
tools it has at its disposal, what rules
it needs to follow, things like that.
Which means you don't want to keep your
claw.md file very long. I think best
practice is to keep it under 150 lines.
Otherwise, you're just going to fill up
your context much quicker. So now you
can see that we have a claw.mmd file
that goes over the overview, the
commands, environment variables,
architecture, patterns, things like
that, which now, as you can see, gives
our project a little bit more structure
right here. But I'm still not satisfied.
What I want to say now is we have four
Python scripts that don't have a home.
Could you throw those into a folder,
maybe call it scripts or something like
that, and make sure that our other
skills and cloudmd files are aware of
this and can reference it in the future?
And that's just the way that I decided
to set it up. But you could also say,
"Hey, you know, we've got a ton of files
here. Can you help me figure out a
strategy to clean this up so we can
continue to scale this project?" So, you
can see that it made a new folder. It
threw all of the Python scripts in
there, and now it's updating other files
in here to make sure that the whole
project understands where everything is.
So, that is going to do it for today. I
think that you guys should be in a
really good spot now set up with Cloud
Code, set up with Plot to really improve
your content game. Just a reminder that
you can access the resources you saw in
today's video, as well as every other
resource I've given out on YouTube for
free by joining my free school
community. The link for that is down in
the description. And if you want to go
deeper with this kind of stuff, then I
definitely recommend checking out my
paid community, AI Automation Society
Plus. The link for that is also down in
the description. We've got over 3,000
members who are building businesses with
AI every single day. So, I'd love to see
you guys in this community. But like I
said, that is the end of today's video.
So, if you learned something new or you
enjoyed, then please give it a like. It
definitely helps me out a ton. And as
always, I appreciate you guys making it
to the end of the video. I'll see you on
the next one.